okay now we're going to step up here and
take a look at the inside you see here's
your air operated switch for your drop
axle up here we have two looks like
brand-new dual air right bostrom wide
ride seats black leather dual armrests
absolutely in pristine condition
hardwood flooring all the way even in
the back look at that you got a fridge
full-size fridge a TV ready to roll
set the curtains all on the best of
Windows I shouldn't pull them down get
one more sunlight but we'll go with it
there's your double bunk up top jibun
tuck interior vit interior is your turn
here we'll go ahead and pull it on there
you go get a little sunlight has a couch
we can fold it out turns into our
full-size bed there we go now we can see
in here your lower truck has everything
up here in it look up front here it is
loaded up to the brim chrome toggle
switches everything chrome bezels all on
the gauges we have 3 6 9 12 15 18 21 22
23 gauges on the dash it has loaded up
custom wood grain steering wheel
brand-new am/fm CD player dual power
windows looks like we have Jake's cruise
tilt tele truck has it all plus an
18-speed transmission power mirror
switch right there zero miles on the
overhaul like I said comes with the
warranty on parts and labor so give us a
call today at eight eight eight seven
six nine nineteen ninety nine this heavy
haul truck will not last eight eight
eight seven six nine nineteen ninety
nine thank you